hello everybody I on YouTube this is for
three eyes and today um I'm going to be
showing and explaining my keypad so yeah
let's first demonstrate it just have to
get in here hmm sorry my throat feels a
little funny today I'm gonna reset it
like so things we said so now hey I'll
have to do is going to go for those a
couple bucks i'm not sure it will work
for 13 so there as you can see yes it's
working so after you put in the code for
413 put in a the enter button like that
the door will open come in and it closes
this is a reset button just click ok so
the system's reset I'll show you what
happens if you get it wrong like 3314
enter
I really light comes on but say you were
a little tricky and you knew that most
keypads and a little weakness where you
could go for 4413 this weakness is
you're still putting in the code in the
right order but you're just adding a
little bit digit in you're just adding a
digit in between because that shouldn't
make a difference but so basically if
you put in five digits and one of them
is wrong it doesn't really make a
difference and I'll show you it doesn't
mind though but on most people's it
doesn't door would still open if you did
that so that's why my keypad special and
so complex so basically what happens is
I'm just going to simplify this ferry to
a beginners level because this is just
way I it take like an hour to explain
completely so basically what happens is
gonna be first a button first second
base this torch doesn't activate yet
which the button for now is for so
whenever you're pressed for this torch
is deactivated I'm going to repress for
again this one's deactivated which will
senator it for you and then it is RS nor
latch which will create this torch so
the next time you hit em next time you
so the next time you hit a 44 again that
will deactivate this torch which will
soon occur talk to me this watch which
will activate this torch so that
whenever you press one able to activate
this torsional Center ground over here
hmm art this RS knowledge
Twitter I'm sorry that one way back
there is four and four and then this
will be one and then this one would be
three and then it will activate the
sorcerer latch which will activate this
and if everything went well this piston
will not be extended it'll have a
current over here which will have this
arch nor let you off so whenever you
press enter which will deactivate this
torch now send a current down through
here which will open and close the door
and say you get it wrong every time
you're on a silicon number like four or
something like see right here this is
for and because we're on for this torch
is deactivated but we were on the second
floor this torch would be deactivated
and that one would be activated again so
that whatever you press the wrong number
on any given number that you're on this
torch will deactivate or any torch will
deactivate depending on which one was
which one had the other part of its and
gate deactivated it will go down here
activate its own or lunch which will
send up forever court which will send a
current forever down through here up
here over to here which will turn on the
piston and deactivate this entire system
shark cannot go through a piston so it
will just push this through and turn
will not feel too beaucoup so yeah guys
this has been for your three eyes please
rate comment and subscribe and hope you
enjoy oh forgot one thing I was on the
mic minecraft- show which is extremely
exciting and yeah so bebopvox um go to
beatbox bep up ve
beb oh p vo x bebopvox and he posted a
video yeah he posted a video on the
Minecraft monday show videos every week
and my music video was on it and that's
really exciting so yeah so do you guys I
hope you enjoyed this keypad I built
took me a while and yeah so please rate
comment subscribe and I'll see you know
the next video later